contigsID	family (ICTV taxonomic)	genus (ICTV taxonomic)	species (ICTV taxonomic)	viral_genome	viral_type	Family level (Host)
contigs_cluasted6373;size=1	Virgaviridae	Tobamovirus	Tobacco mosaic virus	RNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted7180;size=2	Virgaviridae	Tobamovirus	Tomato mosaic virus	RNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted7133;size=1	Virgaviridae	Tobamovirus	Tomato mosaic virus	RNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted1000002961;size=1	Virgaviridae	NA	Virgaviridae sp.	RNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted1000003590;size=1	Virgaviridae	Tobamovirus	Tomato mosaic virus	RNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted16;size=1	Other phage	Other phage	Bacteriophage sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted15;size=3	Other phage	Other phage	virus sp. ctML55	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted1265;size=1	Other phage	Other phage	Bacteriophage sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Lachnospiraceae
contigs_cluasted1418;size=1	Other phage	Other phage	Escherichia phage Gally	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Enterobacteriaceae
contigs_cluasted299;size=1	Other phage	Other phage	Colneyvirus CD27	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Peptostreptococcaceae
contigs_cluasted6094;size=1	unclassified CRESS virus	unclassified CRESS virus	CRESS virus SC_1_H1_2017	DNA virus	Eukaryotic virus	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted93;size=1	Other phage	Other phage	Caudovirales sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted286;size=1	Other phage	Other phage	Bacteriophage sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Ruminococcaceae
contigs_cluasted39;size=2	Other phage	Other phage	Bacteriophage sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Ruminococcaceae
contigs_cluasted4281;size=1	Other phage	Other phage	Streptococcus satellite phage Javan608	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Streptococcaceae
contigs_cluasted6168;size=1	Other phage	Other phage	Bacteriophage sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted1211;size=1	Other phage	Other phage	Bacteriophage sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Lachnospiraceae
contigs_cluasted4645;size=1	Other phage	Other phage	Bacteriophage sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted5718;size=1	Other phage	Other phage	Bacteriophage sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted6050;size=1	unclassified CRESS virus	unclassified CRESS virus	CRESS virus sp.	DNA virus	Eukaryotic virus	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted8016;size=2	Other phage	Other phage	Bacteriophage sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted1019;size=1	Other phage	Other phage	Bacteriophage sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted7264;size=1	Other phage	Other phage	Parabacteroides phage SC_7_H3_2017	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Tannerellaceae
contigs_cluasted6646;size=1	Other phage	Other phage	Bacteriophage sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted30;size=1	Other phage	Other phage	Bacteriophage sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted5455;size=2	Other phage	Other phage	Bacteriophage sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted8369;size=1	Other phage	Other phage	Bacteriophage sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted5978;size=1	unclassified CRESS virus	unclassified CRESS virus	CRESS virus SC_1_H1_2017	DNA virus	Eukaryotic virus	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted6954;size=1	Other phage	Other phage	Bacteriophage sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted6841;size=1	Other phage	Other phage	Bacteriophage sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted278;size=2	Other phage	Other phage	uncultured human fecal virus	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Lachnospiraceae
contigs_cluasted7315;size=1	Other phage	Other phage	Caudovirales sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted397;size=1	Other phage	Other phage	Bacteriophage sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Comamonadaceae
contigs_cluasted8814;size=1	unclassified CRESS virus	unclassified CRESS virus	CRESS virus sp.	DNA virus	Eukaryotic virus	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted1961;size=1	Other phage	Other phage	Bacteriophage sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Lachnospiraceae
contigs_cluasted8511;size=1	Other phage	Other phage	Circular genetic element sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted8889;size=1	Other phage	Other phage	Caudovirales sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted8327;size=1	unclassified CRESS virus	unclassified CRESS virus	CRESS virus sp.	DNA virus	Eukaryotic virus	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted983;size=1	Other phage	Other phage	Caudovirales sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Erysipelotrichaceae
contigs_cluasted8309;size=1	Other phage	Other phage	Circular genetic element sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted1000002004;size=1	Other phage	Other phage	Bacteriophage sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted8139;size=1	crAss-like phage	crAss-like phage	CrAssphage sp. C0531BW4	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted9692;size=1	Other phage	Other phage	Circular genetic element sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted1000003059;size=1	Other phage	Other phage	Bacteriophage sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted8810;size=1	Other phage	Other phage	ssDNA virus sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted1800;size=1	Other phage	Other phage	Bacteriophage sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Ruminococcaceae
contigs_cluasted1000002198;size=1	crAss-like phage	crAss-like phage	UAG-readthrough crAss clade sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted8892;size=1	Other phage	Other phage	Circular genetic element sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted1178;size=1	Other phage	Other phage	Bacteriophage sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted1000001267;size=1	Other phage	Other phage	Bacteriophage sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted8930;size=1	unclassified CRESS virus	unclassified CRESS virus	CRESS virus sp.	DNA virus	Eukaryotic virus	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted1000002248;size=1	crAss-like phage	crAss-like phage	CrAssphage apr34_000142F	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted1000002977;size=1	crAss-like phage	crAss-like phage	CrAssphage sp. C0521BW15	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted5551;size=1	Other phage	Other phage	Bacteriophage sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted1000003478;size=1	Other phage	Other phage	Bacteriophage sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bifidobacteriaceae
contigs_cluasted8471;size=1	Other phage	Other phage	Virus sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted1000003580;size=1	Other phage	Other phage	Caudovirales sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted8357;size=1	Other phage	Other phage	Caudovirales sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted19;size=2	Other phage	Other phage	Bacteroides phage DAC22	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted83;size=1	crAss-like phage	crAss-like phage	CrAss-like virus sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Prevotellaceae
contigs_cluasted380;size=1	Other phage	Other phage	Caudovirales sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted67;size=1	crAss-like phage	crAss-like phage	UAG-readthrough crAss clade sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted182;size=2	Other phage	Other phage	uncultured human fecal virus	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted90;size=2	Other phage	Other phage	Bacteriophage sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted79;size=1	Other phage	Other phage	Bacteriophage sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted70;size=2	crAss-like phage	crAss-like phage	CrAssphage sp. C0526BW15	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Porphyromonadaceae
contigs_cluasted77;size=4	crAss-like phage	crAss-like phage	uncultured crAssphage	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Porphyromonadaceae
contigs_cluasted1000007;size=1	Other phage	Other phage	Bacteriophage sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Lachnospiraceae
contigs_cluasted57;size=4	crAss-like phage	crAss-like phage	crAssphage cr10_1	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Tannerellaceae
contigs_cluasted91;size=1	crAss-like phage	crAss-like phage	CrAss-like virus sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted288;size=5	Other phage	Other phage	Caudovirales sp. ct0YK8	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Ruminococcaceae
contigs_cluasted835;size=1	Other phage	Other phage	Toutatisvirus toutatis	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Ruminococcaceae
contigs_cluasted1000003;size=1	Other phage	Other phage	Bacteriophage sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted855;size=1	Other phage	Other phage	Lagaffevirus lagaffe	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Lachnospiraceae
contigs_cluasted127;size=1	crAss-like phage	crAss-like phage	crAssphage cr85_1	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Porphyromonadaceae
contigs_cluasted89;size=8	crAss-like phage	crAss-like phage	CrAss-like virus sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted84;size=4	crAss-like phage	crAss-like phage	CrAss-like virus sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Rikenellaceae
contigs_cluasted10000014;size=2	Other phage	Other phage	Caudovirales sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Oscillospiraceae
contigs_cluasted880;size=7	Other phage	Other phage	Mushuvirus mushu	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Ruminococcaceae
contigs_cluasted78;size=2	Other phage	Other phage	Bacteriophage sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted1000001;size=1	Other phage	Other phage	Bacteriophage sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Rikenellaceae
contigs_cluasted64;size=2	crAss-like phage	crAss-like phage	crAssphage cr10_1	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Tannerellaceae
contigs_cluasted500;size=1	Other phage	Other phage	Bacteriophage sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Veillonellaceae
contigs_cluasted444;size=1	Other phage	Other phage	Bacteriophage sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted772;size=1	Other phage	Other phage	Caudovirales sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted276;size=1	Other phage	Other phage	Caudovirales sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Pseudomonadaceae
contigs_cluasted59;size=1	crAss-like phage	crAss-like phage	crAssphage cr1_1	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Tannerellaceae
contigs_cluasted569;size=1	Other phage	Other phage	Bacteriophage sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Actinomycetaceae
contigs_cluasted43;size=1	Other phage	Other phage	Bacteriophage sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Ruminococcaceae
contigs_cluasted980;size=1	Other phage	Other phage	Caudovirales sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Paenibacillaceae
contigs_cluasted1138;size=1	Other phage	Other phage	Caudovirales sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Clostridiaceae
contigs_cluasted66;size=2	crAss-like phage	crAss-like phage	crAssphage cr10_1	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Tannerellaceae
contigs_cluasted74;size=2	Other phage	Other phage	Bacteriophage sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted55;size=1	Other phage	Other phage	Bacteriophage sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted386;size=5	Other phage	Other phage	Toutatisvirus toutatis	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Ruminococcaceae
contigs_cluasted63;size=2	crAss-like phage	crAss-like phage	crAssphage cr50_1	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Tannerellaceae
contigs_cluasted411;size=3	Other phage	Other phage	Caudovirales sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Ruminococcaceae
contigs_cluasted53;size=1	crAss-like phage	crAss-like phage	CrAss-like virus sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted328;size=1	Other phage	Other phage	Caudovirales sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Ruminococcaceae
contigs_cluasted761;size=2	Other phage	Other phage	virus sp. ctvdG25	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted601;size=3	Other phage	Other phage	Caudovirales sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Lachnospiraceae
contigs_cluasted964;size=1	Other phage	Other phage	Caudovirales sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Veillonellaceae
contigs_cluasted384;size=1	Other phage	Other phage	Caudovirales sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Veillonellaceae
contigs_cluasted427;size=1	Other phage	Other phage	Caudovirales sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Veillonellaceae
contigs_cluasted1000004;size=1	Other phage	Other phage	Bacteriophage sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Ruminococcaceae
contigs_cluasted698;size=1	Other phage	Other phage	uncultured human fecal virus	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Mycobacteriaceae
contigs_cluasted203;size=1	Other phage	Other phage	Bacteriophage sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Lachnospiraceae
contigs_cluasted188;size=2	Other phage	Other phage	uncultured human fecal virus	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Erysipelotrichaceae
contigs_cluasted80;size=1	crAss-like phage	crAss-like phage	crAssphage cr118_1	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Tannerellaceae
contigs_cluasted1561;size=2	Other phage	Other phage	Bacteriophage sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted72;size=1	crAss-like phage	crAss-like phage	CrAss-like virus sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted449;size=1	Other phage	Other phage	Caudovirales sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Veillonellaceae
contigs_cluasted61;size=1	crAss-like phage	crAss-like phage	CrAss-like virus sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted1380;size=1	Other phage	Other phage	Bacteriophage sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted65;size=2	crAss-like phage	crAss-like phage	UAG-readthrough crAss clade sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted973;size=3	Other phage	Other phage	Bacteriophage sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted1143;size=1	Other phage	Other phage	Bacteriophage sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Ruminococcaceae
contigs_cluasted148;size=1	Other phage	Other phage	Bacteroides phage SJC03	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Peptostreptococcaceae
contigs_cluasted1000009;size=1	Other phage	Other phage	Bacteriophage sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Ruminococcaceae
contigs_cluasted2099;size=1	Other phage	Other phage	Bacteriophage sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Lachnospiraceae
contigs_cluasted234;size=1	crAss-like phage	crAss-like phage	crAssphage cr8_1	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted300;size=2	Other phage	Other phage	uncultured human fecal virus	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Lachnospiraceae
contigs_cluasted1003;size=3	Other phage	Other phage	Bacteriophage sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted3960;size=1	Other phage	Other phage	uncultured human fecal virus	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted3066;size=1	Other phage	Other phage	uncultured human fecal virus	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted267;size=2	crAss-like phage	crAss-like phage	CrAss-like virus sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted932;size=1	crAss-like phage	crAss-like phage	CrAss-like virus sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted664;size=1	Other phage	Other phage	Bacteriophage sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Acidaminococcaceae
contigs_cluasted1086;size=1	Other phage	Other phage	Bacteriophage sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted209;size=1	Other phage	Other phage	Bacteriophage sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Barnesiellaceae
contigs_cluasted661;size=2	Other phage	Other phage	Bacteriophage sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Neisseriaceae
contigs_cluasted82;size=1	Other phage	Other phage	uncultured human fecal virus	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted1878;size=1	Other phage	Other phage	Bacteriophage sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bifidobacteriaceae
contigs_cluasted88;size=1	Other phage	Other phage	Bacteriophage sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Erysipelotrichaceae
contigs_cluasted723;size=1	Other phage	Other phage	uncultured human fecal virus	NA	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted269;size=1	Other phage	Other phage	Bacteriophage sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Ruminococcaceae
contigs_cluasted2050;size=2	Other phage	Other phage	Bacteriophage sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted2444;size=2	Other phage	Other phage	Bacteriophage sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted403;size=1	Other phage	Other phage	Caudovirales sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Sutterellaceae
contigs_cluasted1678;size=1	Other phage	Other phage	uncultured human fecal virus	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Ruminococcaceae
contigs_cluasted202;size=1	crAss-like phage	crAss-like phage	CrAss-like virus sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Erysipelotrichaceae
contigs_cluasted1118;size=1	Other phage	Other phage	uncultured human fecal virus	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted1320;size=1	Other phage	Other phage	Bacteriophage sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Lachnospiraceae
contigs_cluasted2455;size=3	Other phage	Other phage	Bacteriophage sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted607;size=1	Other phage	Other phage	Bacteriophage sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Prevotellaceae
contigs_cluasted567;size=1	Other phage	Other phage	Bacteriophage sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Lachnospiraceae
contigs_cluasted316;size=2	Other phage	Other phage	Caudovirales sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Clostridiaceae
contigs_cluasted1060;size=1	Other phage	Other phage	Bacteriophage sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Lachnospiraceae
contigs_cluasted729;size=1	Other phage	Other phage	Bacteriophage sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Erysipelotrichaceae
contigs_cluasted437;size=1	Other phage	Other phage	Bacteriophage sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Corynebacteriaceae
contigs_cluasted130;size=1	Other phage	Other phage	Phage DP-2017a	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted699;size=1	Other phage	Other phage	Bacteriophage sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Erysipelotrichaceae
contigs_cluasted10000012;size=1	Other phage	Other phage	Bacteriophage sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Lachnospiraceae
contigs_cluasted2460;size=1	Other phage	Other phage	Bacteriophage sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Lachnospiraceae
contigs_cluasted139;size=1	Other phage	Other phage	Bacteriophage sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Ruminococcaceae
contigs_cluasted1029;size=1	Other phage	Other phage	Caudovirales sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted938;size=1	Other phage	Other phage	Bacteriophage sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted8482;size=6	Other phage	Other phage	uncultured virus	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted736;size=1	Other phage	Other phage	Bacteriophage sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Erysipelotrichaceae
contigs_cluasted405;size=1	Other phage	Other phage	Bacteriophage sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Lachnospiraceae
contigs_cluasted2009;size=1	Other phage	Other phage	Bacteriophage sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bifidobacteriaceae
contigs_cluasted8586;size=2	Other phage	Other phage	uncultured virus	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted353;size=1	Other phage	Other phage	Bacteriophage sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Lachnospiraceae
contigs_cluasted757;size=1	Other phage	Other phage	Bacteriophage sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Rikenellaceae
contigs_cluasted40;size=1	Other phage	Other phage	uncultured human fecal virus	NA	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted563;size=1	Other phage	Other phage	uncultured human fecal virus	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted8637;size=2	Other phage	Other phage	uncultured virus	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted8857;size=1	Other phage	Other phage	uncultured virus	NA	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted2560;size=1	Other phage	Other phage	Bacteriophage sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Lachnospiraceae
contigs_cluasted7844;size=1	Other phage	Other phage	uncultured human fecal virus	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted342;size=2	Other phage	Other phage	Caudovirales sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Lachnospiraceae
contigs_cluasted815;size=1	Other phage	Other phage	Roufvirus pIS4A	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Enterobacteriaceae
contigs_cluasted8968;size=1	Other phage	Other phage	uncultured marine virus	NA	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted9342;size=1	Other phage	Other phage	uncultured virus	NA	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted9020;size=1	Other phage	Other phage	uncultured human fecal virus	NA	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted9481;size=1	Other phage	Other phage	uncultured virus	NA	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted844;size=1	Other phage	Other phage	Bacteriophage sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Ruminococcaceae
contigs_cluasted9949;size=1	Other phage	Other phage	uncultured virus	NA	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted1963;size=1	Other phage	Other phage	Bacteriophage sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bifidobacteriaceae
contigs_cluasted1201;size=1	Other phage	Other phage	Caudovirales sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Veillonellaceae
contigs_cluasted8792;size=1	Other phage	Other phage	uncultured virus	NA	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted8815;size=1	Other phage	Other phage	uncultured virus	NA	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted3617;size=1	Other phage	Other phage	Bacteriophage sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted9206;size=1	Other phage	Other phage	uncultured virus	NA	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted3728;size=1	Other phage	Other phage	Bacteriophage sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted8571;size=1	Other phage	Other phage	uncultured virus	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted8691;size=1	Other phage	Other phage	uncultured marine virus	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted7908;size=1	Other phage	Other phage	uncultured human fecal virus	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted8864;size=1	Other phage	Other phage	uncultured marine virus	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted8980;size=1	Other phage	Other phage	uncultured marine virus	NA	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted1179;size=2	Other phage	Other phage	Caudovirales sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacillaceae
contigs_cluasted10039;size=1	Other phage	Other phage	uncultured virus	NA	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted8808;size=1	Other phage	Other phage	uncultured marine virus	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted2168;size=1	Other phage	Other phage	Bacteriophage sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Lachnospiraceae
contigs_cluasted547;size=1	Other phage	Other phage	Bacteriophage sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Ruminococcaceae
contigs_cluasted8733;size=1	Other phage	Other phage	uncultured virus	NA	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted100000380;size=1	Other phage	Other phage	uncultured human fecal virus	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted201;size=1	Other phage	Other phage	Phage DP-2017a	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted399;size=2	Other phage	Other phage	Bacteriophage sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Lachnospiraceae
contigs_cluasted10;size=2	Other phage	Other phage	uncultured human fecal virus	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Ruminococcaceae
contigs_cluasted1000002918;size=1	Other phage	Other phage	uncultured human fecal virus	NA	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted8791;size=1	Other phage	Other phage	uncultured virus	NA	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted2559;size=1	Other phage	Other phage	Bacteriophage sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted4125;size=1	unclassified CRESS virus	unclassified CRESS virus	CRESS virus sp.	DNA virus	Eukaryotic virus	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted271;size=1	Other phage	Other phage	Bacteriophage sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted8395;size=1	Other phage	Other phage	uncultured virus	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted242;size=1	Other phage	Other phage	Phage FAKO27_000271F	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Ruminococcaceae
contigs_cluasted480;size=1	Other phage	Other phage	Bacteriophage sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted722;size=2	Other phage	Other phage	Bacteriophage sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted9225;size=1	Other phage	Other phage	uncultured marine virus	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted9127;size=1	Other phage	Other phage	uncultured virus	NA	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted8874;size=1	Other phage	Other phage	uncultured marine virus	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted1312;size=1	Other phage	Other phage	Bacteriophage sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted787;size=1	Other phage	Other phage	Bacteriophage sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Prevotellaceae
contigs_cluasted453;size=1	Other phage	Other phage	Bacteriophage sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Ruminococcaceae
contigs_cluasted9619;size=1	Other phage	Other phage	uncultured marine virus	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted8774;size=1	Other phage	Other phage	uncultured virus	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted8464;size=1	Other phage	Other phage	uncultured virus	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted352;size=1	Other phage	Other phage	Caudovirales sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Sutterellaceae
contigs_cluasted289;size=1	Other phage	Other phage	Bacteriophage sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted210;size=1	Other phage	Other phage	Bacteriophage sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Lachnospiraceae
contigs_cluasted1016;size=2	Other phage	Other phage	Caudovirales sp. ct0YK8	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted100000235;size=1	Other phage	Other phage	Bacteriophage sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted2461;size=8	Other phage	Other phage	Bacteriophage sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted5234;size=2	Other phage	Other phage	Bacteriophage sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted442;size=1	Other phage	Other phage	Caudovirales sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Ruminococcaceae
contigs_cluasted2477;size=1	Other phage	Other phage	Bacteriophage sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Lachnospiraceae
contigs_cluasted6830;size=2	Polyomaviridae	Betapolyomavirus	Betapolyomavirus secuhominis	DNA virus	Eukaryotic virus	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted4837;size=1	Papillomaviridae	NA	Human papillomavirus	DNA virus	Eukaryotic virus	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted8450;size=1	Anelloviridae	Betatorquevirus	TTV-like mini virus	DNA virus	Eukaryotic virus	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted8623;size=1	Anelloviridae	NA	Torque teno midi virus	DNA virus	Eukaryotic virus	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted8452;size=2	Geminiviridae	Begomovirus	Tomato yellow leaf curl virus	DNA virus	Eukaryotic virus	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted8634;size=1	Genomoviridae	NA	Genomoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Eukaryotic virus	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted8414;size=1	Circoviridae	NA	Human respiratory circovirus-like 2	DNA virus	Eukaryotic virus	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted8561;size=3	Genomoviridae	CRESS virus	crane CRESS-DNA virus	DNA virus	Eukaryotic virus	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted8413;size=1	Anelloviridae	Betatorquevirus	TTV-like mini virus	DNA virus	Eukaryotic virus	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted1000001065;size=1	Genomoviridae	Gemycircularvirus	Raccoon dog stool-associated gemycircularvirus 1	DNA virus	Eukaryotic virus	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted8518;size=1	Genomoviridae	CRESS virus	crane CRESS-DNA virus	DNA virus	Eukaryotic virus	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted8979;size=1	Anelloviridae	NA	Torque teno midi virus	DNA virus	Eukaryotic virus	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted8995;size=1	Circoviridae	NA	Human respiratory circovirus-like 1	DNA virus	Eukaryotic virus	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted9109;size=1	Genomoviridae	CRESS virus	crane CRESS-DNA virus	DNA virus	Eukaryotic virus	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted9023;size=1	Genomoviridae	CRESS virus	crane CRESS-DNA virus	DNA virus	Eukaryotic virus	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted8673;size=1	Genomoviridae	NA	Chicken genomovirus mg4_1196	DNA virus	Eukaryotic virus	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted9423;size=1	Genomoviridae	Gemykrogvirus	Gemykrogvirus galga2	DNA virus	Eukaryotic virus	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted9134;size=1	Circoviridae	Circovirus	Duck circovirus	DNA virus	Eukaryotic virus	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted8744;size=1	Circoviridae	Circovirus	Duck circovirus	DNA virus	Eukaryotic virus	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted8447;size=1	Circoviridae	Circovirus	Duck circovirus	DNA virus	Eukaryotic virus	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted9678;size=1	Genomoviridae	CRESS virus	crane CRESS-DNA virus	DNA virus	Eukaryotic virus	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted9729;size=1	Genomoviridae	CRESS virus	crane CRESS-DNA virus	DNA virus	Eukaryotic virus	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted1000001666;size=1	Circoviridae	Circovirus	Duck circovirus	DNA virus	Eukaryotic virus	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted8638;size=1	Genomoviridae	NA	Genomoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Eukaryotic virus	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted8984;size=1	Circoviridae	NA	Circoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Eukaryotic virus	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted10016;size=1	Circoviridae	NA	Circoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Eukaryotic virus	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted10218;size=1	Circoviridae	NA	Circoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Eukaryotic virus	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted56;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted195;size=5	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Ruminococcaceae
contigs_cluasted10000010;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Lachnospiraceae
contigs_cluasted85;size=3	Myoviridae	NA	Myoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Lachnospiraceae
contigs_cluasted174;size=8	Podoviridae	NA	Podoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted153;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Ruminococcaceae
contigs_cluasted280;size=6	Podoviridae	NA	Podoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Prevotellaceae
contigs_cluasted1000006;size=4	Podoviridae	NA	Podoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted134;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Lachnospiraceae
contigs_cluasted225;size=4	Myoviridae	NA	Myoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Corynebacteriaceae
contigs_cluasted457;size=10	Myoviridae	NA	Myoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted464;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted215;size=3	Myoviridae	NA	Myoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Ruminococcaceae
contigs_cluasted190;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Lachnospiraceae
contigs_cluasted635;size=17	Myoviridae	NA	Myoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted235;size=2	Myoviridae	NA	Phage FAKO05_000032F	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted459;size=1	Myoviridae	NA	Myoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Erysipelotrichaceae
contigs_cluasted167;size=2	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted26;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Lachnospiraceae
contigs_cluasted36;size=8	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Xanthomonadaceae
contigs_cluasted687;size=4	Myoviridae	NA	Myoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Barnesiellaceae
contigs_cluasted666;size=1	Myoviridae	NA	Myoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Akkermansiaceae
contigs_cluasted509;size=2	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Ruminococcaceae
contigs_cluasted417;size=2	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Lachnospiraceae
contigs_cluasted145;size=1	Myoviridae	NA	Myoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted105;size=2	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted25;size=2	Myoviridae	NA	Myoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted334;size=7	Siphoviridae	NA	Bacteroides phage p00	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted382;size=9	Siphoviridae	NA	Bacteroides phage p00	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted128;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted348;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Lachnospiraceae
contigs_cluasted775;size=1	Myoviridae	NA	Myoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Clostridiaceae
contigs_cluasted265;size=3	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted223;size=1	Myoviridae	NA	Myoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Corynebacteriaceae
contigs_cluasted10000039;size=1	Myoviridae	NA	Myoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted158;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted23;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Lachnospiraceae
contigs_cluasted295;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Microbacteriaceae
contigs_cluasted147;size=10	Siphoviridae	NA	Bacteroides phage LoVEphage	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted129;size=1	Myoviridae	NA	Myoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted161;size=3	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Ruminococcaceae
contigs_cluasted38;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted312;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted911;size=3	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Rikenellaceae
contigs_cluasted97;size=2	Myoviridae	NA	Myoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted101;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted10000044;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted179;size=7	Podoviridae	NA	Podoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted159;size=2	Myoviridae	NA	Myoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted10000041;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Ruminococcaceae
contigs_cluasted704;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bifidobacteriaceae
contigs_cluasted192;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted727;size=3	Myoviridae	NA	Myoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted10000051;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Ruminococcaceae
contigs_cluasted627;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted98;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Tannerellaceae
contigs_cluasted175;size=3	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Lachnospiraceae
contigs_cluasted1030;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Ruminococcaceae
contigs_cluasted609;size=2	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Clostridiaceae
contigs_cluasted1041;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Propionibacteriaceae
contigs_cluasted24;size=1	Podoviridae	NA	Podoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Odoribacteraceae
contigs_cluasted10000023;size=2	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Carnobacteriaceae
contigs_cluasted245;size=5	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted92;size=2	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Ruminococcaceae
contigs_cluasted999;size=2	Myoviridae	NA	Myoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Lachnospiraceae
contigs_cluasted1000002;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Ruminococcaceae
contigs_cluasted180;size=1	Podoviridae	NA	Podoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted1124;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted124;size=1	Myoviridae	NA	Myoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Tannerellaceae
contigs_cluasted1174;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted1000;size=1	Myoviridae	NA	Myoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Ruminococcaceae
contigs_cluasted1175;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Ruminococcaceae
contigs_cluasted926;size=2	Podoviridae	NA	Podoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Barnesiellaceae
contigs_cluasted493;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted12;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Ruminococcaceae
contigs_cluasted27;size=2	Podoviridae	NA	Podoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Tannerellaceae
contigs_cluasted51;size=1	Herelleviridae	NA	Herelleviridae sp. cttEB8	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted540;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Veillonellaceae
contigs_cluasted1036;size=3	Myoviridae	NA	Myoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted504;size=1	Podoviridae	NA	Podoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Veillonellaceae
contigs_cluasted246;size=1	Myoviridae	NA	Myoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted10000036;size=1	Myoviridae	NA	Myoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Ruminococcaceae
contigs_cluasted785;size=1	Podoviridae	NA	Podoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Pasteurellaceae
contigs_cluasted10000057;size=1	Myoviridae	NA	Myoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Ruminococcaceae
contigs_cluasted793;size=1	Myoviridae	NA	Myoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Lachnospiraceae
contigs_cluasted268;size=1	Myoviridae	NA	Myoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Ruminococcaceae
contigs_cluasted111;size=2	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Streptococcaceae
contigs_cluasted10000017;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp. ctfeV1	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted71;size=1	Podoviridae	NA	Podoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted28;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Ruminococcaceae
contigs_cluasted62;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Veillonellaceae
contigs_cluasted714;size=1	Myoviridae	NA	Myoviridae sp. ctxi06	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Oscillospiraceae
contigs_cluasted740;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted213;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted544;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted640;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Ruminococcaceae
contigs_cluasted456;size=1	Podoviridae	NA	Podoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Lachnospiraceae
contigs_cluasted156;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Tannerellaceae
contigs_cluasted375;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Bacteroides phage Barc2635	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted143;size=5	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Lachnospiraceae
contigs_cluasted889;size=4	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted10000018;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted970;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Ruminococcaceae
contigs_cluasted1164;size=1	Myoviridae	NA	Myoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Lachnospiraceae
contigs_cluasted1027;size=1	Myoviridae	NA	Myoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Ruminococcaceae
contigs_cluasted257;size=1	Podoviridae	NA	Podoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Prevotellaceae
contigs_cluasted716;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Ruminococcaceae
contigs_cluasted1026;size=1	Myoviridae	NA	Myoviridae sp. ctZDd15	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted582;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Streptomycetaceae
contigs_cluasted705;size=1	Myoviridae	NA	Myoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted593;size=1	Herelleviridae	NA	Herelleviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted474;size=3	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted992;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Ruminococcaceae
contigs_cluasted81;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted575;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted806;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted516;size=2	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Streptomycetaceae
contigs_cluasted508;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Actinomycetaceae
contigs_cluasted238;size=4	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted258;size=1	Podoviridae	NA	Podoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted947;size=2	Myoviridae	NA	Myoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted393;size=1	Myoviridae	NA	Myoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted150;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Staphylococcaceae
contigs_cluasted1104;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Ruminococcaceae
contigs_cluasted741;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Streptomycetaceae
contigs_cluasted324;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Lachnospiraceae
contigs_cluasted693;size=1	Myoviridae	NA	Myoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Micrococcaceae
contigs_cluasted1253;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Ruminococcaceae
contigs_cluasted29;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted359;size=1	Myoviridae	NA	Myoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Enterobacteriaceae
contigs_cluasted138;size=1	Podoviridae	NA	Podoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted619;size=2	Myoviridae	NA	Myoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted10000016;size=1	Myoviridae	NA	Myoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Erysipelotrichaceae
contigs_cluasted10000038;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Bacteroides phage p00	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted1082;size=1	Myoviridae	NA	Myoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Veillonellaceae
contigs_cluasted187;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Lachnospiraceae
contigs_cluasted470;size=1	Podoviridae	NA	Podoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Erysipelotrichaceae
contigs_cluasted2;size=1	Myoviridae	NA	Myoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Yersiniaceae
contigs_cluasted805;size=3	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Ruminococcaceae
contigs_cluasted429;size=2	Myoviridae	NA	Myoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Lachnospiraceae
contigs_cluasted232;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Prevotellaceae
contigs_cluasted888;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Ruminococcaceae
contigs_cluasted216;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Ruminococcaceae
contigs_cluasted1769;size=2	Podoviridae	NA	Podoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Actinomycetaceae
contigs_cluasted113;size=1	Myoviridae	NA	Myoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Prevotellaceae
contigs_cluasted22;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Lachnospiraceae
contigs_cluasted919;size=1	Myoviridae	NA	Myoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Lachnospiraceae
contigs_cluasted551;size=1	Podoviridae	NA	Podoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted48;size=1	Myoviridae	NA	Myoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted512;size=2	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted969;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Ruminococcaceae
contigs_cluasted827;size=1	Myoviridae	NA	Myoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Lachnospiraceae
contigs_cluasted746;size=3	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Streptomycetaceae
contigs_cluasted10000050;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted1137;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp. ctrG012	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Veillonellaceae
contigs_cluasted543;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Lachnospiraceae
contigs_cluasted10000072;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted883;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Erysipelotrichaceae
contigs_cluasted10000046;size=1	Myoviridae	NA	Myoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Lachnospiraceae
contigs_cluasted415;size=1	Myoviridae	NA	Myoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted592;size=2	Podoviridae	NA	Podoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Clostridiaceae
contigs_cluasted253;size=7	Myoviridae	NA	Myoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Oscillospiraceae
contigs_cluasted496;size=11	Podoviridae	NA	Podoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Lachnospiraceae
contigs_cluasted1456;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Lachnospiraceae
contigs_cluasted471;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Actinomycetaceae
contigs_cluasted881;size=1	Podoviridae	NA	Podoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted370;size=3	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Hungateiclostridiaceae
contigs_cluasted140;size=1	Myoviridae	NA	Myoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted1889;size=2	Myoviridae	NA	Myoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted369;size=1	Myoviridae	NA	Myoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted566;size=1	Myoviridae	NA	Myoviridae sp. ctNQr16	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Lachnospiraceae
contigs_cluasted229;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted1205;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Lachnospiraceae
contigs_cluasted378;size=2	Myoviridae	NA	Myoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Ruminococcaceae
contigs_cluasted732;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Sutterellaceae
contigs_cluasted1918;size=1	Myoviridae	NA	Myoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted739;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted451;size=1	Myoviridae	NA	Myoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Oscillospiraceae
contigs_cluasted372;size=1	Myoviridae	NA	Myoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Erysipelotrichaceae
contigs_cluasted256;size=3	Myoviridae	NA	Myoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Lachnospiraceae
contigs_cluasted545;size=2	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Erysipelotrichaceae
contigs_cluasted339;size=1	Myoviridae	NA	Myoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Lachnospiraceae
contigs_cluasted783;size=1	Myoviridae	NA	Myoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Lachnospiraceae
contigs_cluasted331;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Lachnospiraceae
contigs_cluasted1293;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Lachnospiraceae
contigs_cluasted301;size=1	Myoviridae	NA	Myoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Tannerellaceae
contigs_cluasted1315;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Phage apr34_1792	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bifidobacteriaceae
contigs_cluasted1182;size=1	Myoviridae	NA	Myoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Lachnospiraceae
contigs_cluasted869;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted1144;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Streptococcus phage Javan377	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Streptococcaceae
contigs_cluasted86;size=2	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Ruminococcaceae
contigs_cluasted539;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Lachnospiraceae
contigs_cluasted60;size=1	Herelleviridae	NA	Herelleviridae sp. ct7xn19	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Ruminococcaceae
contigs_cluasted368;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Streptomycetaceae
contigs_cluasted344;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Ruminococcaceae
contigs_cluasted987;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted329;size=1	Myoviridae	NA	Myoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted963;size=1	Podoviridae	NA	Podoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted58;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Lachnospiraceae
contigs_cluasted76;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Lachnospiraceae
contigs_cluasted1295;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted1937;size=1	Podoviridae	NA	Podoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Eggerthellaceae
contigs_cluasted177;size=1	Podoviridae	NA	Podoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Veillonellaceae
contigs_cluasted292;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted337;size=1	Myoviridae	NA	Myoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted1364;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted4;size=6	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Erysipelotrichaceae
contigs_cluasted446;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Oscillospiraceae
contigs_cluasted533;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Lachnospiraceae
contigs_cluasted1504;size=1	Myoviridae	NA	Myoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted984;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted854;size=4	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Ruminococcaceae
contigs_cluasted196;size=3	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Ruminococcaceae
contigs_cluasted279;size=4	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Ruminococcaceae
contigs_cluasted1702;size=1	Podoviridae	NA	Podoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Erysipelotrichaceae
contigs_cluasted221;size=3	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted2198;size=1	Podoviridae	NA	Podoviridae sp. ctPbe19	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted10000013;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted485;size=3	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Ruminococcaceae
contigs_cluasted491;size=3	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Ruminococcaceae
contigs_cluasted2208;size=1	Podoviridae	NA	Podoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Actinomycetaceae
contigs_cluasted1052;size=1	Podoviridae	NA	Podoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Veillonellaceae
contigs_cluasted670;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted311;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Lachnospiraceae
contigs_cluasted684;size=2	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted413;size=2	Myoviridae	NA	Myoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted1146;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted571;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Peptococcaceae
contigs_cluasted10000052;size=1	Podoviridae	NA	Podoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Veillonellaceae
contigs_cluasted1730;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Streptococcaceae
contigs_cluasted1535;size=1	Myoviridae	NA	Myoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Ruminococcaceae
contigs_cluasted304;size=9	Myoviridae	NA	Myoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Ruminococcaceae
contigs_cluasted586;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Erysipelotrichaceae
contigs_cluasted10000048;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Ruminococcaceae
contigs_cluasted239;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted734;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Ruminococcaceae
contigs_cluasted695;size=1	Myoviridae	NA	Myoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Lachnospiraceae
contigs_cluasted1414;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Ruminococcaceae
contigs_cluasted549;size=3	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Lachnospiraceae
contigs_cluasted791;size=2	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted49;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp. ctXZx16	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Erysipelotrichaceae
contigs_cluasted243;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted323;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Lachnospiraceae
contigs_cluasted1925;size=2	Podoviridae	NA	Podoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Erysipelotrichaceae
contigs_cluasted522;size=4	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Lachnospiraceae
contigs_cluasted120;size=1	Myoviridae	NA	Myoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted572;size=2	Podoviridae	NA	Podoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Veillonellaceae
contigs_cluasted972;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Actinomycetaceae
contigs_cluasted212;size=3	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Ruminococcaceae
contigs_cluasted647;size=1	Myoviridae	NA	Myoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Ruminococcaceae
contigs_cluasted10000035;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted391;size=1	Myoviridae	NA	Myoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Erysipelotrichaceae
contigs_cluasted473;size=4	Podoviridae	NA	Podoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted762;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Streptomycetaceae
contigs_cluasted47;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Ruminococcaceae
contigs_cluasted513;size=1	Myoviridae	NA	Myoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted54;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted872;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Erysipelotrichaceae
contigs_cluasted506;size=2	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted10000068;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Ruminococcaceae
contigs_cluasted877;size=1	Myoviridae	NA	Myoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Ruminococcaceae
contigs_cluasted1285;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Lachnospiraceae
contigs_cluasted1920;size=1	Podoviridae	NA	Podoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Lachnospiraceae
contigs_cluasted1523;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted2295;size=1	Podoviridae	NA	Podoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted556;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Ruminococcaceae
contigs_cluasted2353;size=1	Podoviridae	NA	Podoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted1092;size=2	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Lachnospiraceae
contigs_cluasted273;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Lachnospiraceae
contigs_cluasted1774;size=1	Myoviridae	NA	Myoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted837;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Lachnospiraceae
contigs_cluasted10000027;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Ruminococcaceae
contigs_cluasted1159;size=3	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Erysipelotrichaceae
contigs_cluasted170;size=1	Myoviridae	NA	Myoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Prevotellaceae
contigs_cluasted1853;size=1	Podoviridae	NA	Podoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Lachnospiraceae
contigs_cluasted594;size=2	Myoviridae	NA	Myoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Sutterellaceae
contigs_cluasted214;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Lachnospiraceae
contigs_cluasted1013;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Sutterellaceae
contigs_cluasted217;size=1	Podoviridae	NA	Podoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Streptococcaceae
contigs_cluasted660;size=2	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Ruminococcaceae
contigs_cluasted789;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Ruminococcaceae
contigs_cluasted1694;size=1	Podoviridae	NA	Podoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Veillonellaceae
contigs_cluasted962;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Lachnospiraceae
contigs_cluasted10000042;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Ruminococcaceae
contigs_cluasted428;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Lachnospiraceae
contigs_cluasted10000022;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted834;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Erysipelotrichaceae
contigs_cluasted1378;size=1	Myoviridae	NA	Myoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted665;size=2	Myoviridae	NA	Myoviridae sp. ctxi06	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Oscillospiraceae
contigs_cluasted558;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Lachnospiraceae
contigs_cluasted779;size=2	Myoviridae	NA	Myoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted199;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Lachnospiraceae
contigs_cluasted1345;size=2	Myoviridae	NA	Myoviridae sp. ctxi06	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Oscillospiraceae
contigs_cluasted418;size=2	Myoviridae	NA	Myoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted116;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Ruminococcaceae
contigs_cluasted706;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Lachnospiraceae
contigs_cluasted169;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted526;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Veillonellaceae
contigs_cluasted211;size=2	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Streptomycetaceae
contigs_cluasted2449;size=1	Podoviridae	NA	Podoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted327;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Ruminococcaceae
contigs_cluasted430;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Lachnospiraceae
contigs_cluasted1188;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted112;size=1	Myoviridae	NA	Myoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Ruminococcaceae
contigs_cluasted1667;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Ruminococcaceae
contigs_cluasted550;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Lachnospiraceae
contigs_cluasted259;size=2	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Tannerellaceae
contigs_cluasted875;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted10000064;size=1	Myoviridae	NA	Myoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted535;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Erysipelotrichaceae
contigs_cluasted349;size=1	Myoviridae	NA	Myoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Lachnospiraceae
contigs_cluasted836;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Ruminococcaceae
contigs_cluasted2119;size=1	Podoviridae	NA	Podoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Erysipelotrichaceae
contigs_cluasted502;size=1	Podoviridae	NA	Podoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Prevotellaceae
contigs_cluasted2684;size=1	Podoviridae	NA	Podoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted2654;size=1	Podoviridae	NA	Podoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Erysipelotrichaceae
contigs_cluasted682;size=6	Podoviridae	NA	Podoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted236;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Peptostreptococcaceae
contigs_cluasted1369;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Prevotellaceae
contigs_cluasted287;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Lachnospiraceae
contigs_cluasted447;size=1	Myoviridae	NA	Myoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted954;size=1	Myoviridae	NA	Myoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Ruminococcaceae
contigs_cluasted360;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Tannerellaceae
contigs_cluasted1389;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted879;size=2	Myoviridae	NA	Myoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Ruminococcaceae
contigs_cluasted796;size=1	Myoviridae	NA	Myoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Ruminococcaceae
contigs_cluasted1866;size=1	Podoviridae	NA	Podoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted602;size=4	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Ruminococcaceae
contigs_cluasted122;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Lachnospiraceae
contigs_cluasted385;size=1	Podoviridae	NA	Podoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted1244;size=1	Myoviridae	NA	Myoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Ruminococcaceae
contigs_cluasted10000015;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Lachnospiraceae
contigs_cluasted676;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Streptomycetaceae
contigs_cluasted123;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Lachnospiraceae
contigs_cluasted10000025;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Prevotellaceae
contigs_cluasted452;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Streptococcus phage Javan199	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Streptococcaceae
contigs_cluasted10000069;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted782;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Selenomonadaceae
contigs_cluasted887;size=2	Myoviridae	NA	Myoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted2648;size=1	Podoviridae	NA	Podoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Lachnospiraceae
contigs_cluasted769;size=2	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Ruminococcaceae
contigs_cluasted10000011;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Rikenellaceae
contigs_cluasted656;size=1	Myoviridae	NA	Myoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Akkermansiaceae
contigs_cluasted10000061;size=1	Podoviridae	NA	Podoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Lachnospiraceae
contigs_cluasted860;size=1	Podoviridae	NA	Podoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Veillonellaceae
contigs_cluasted941;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted1432;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Ruminococcaceae
contigs_cluasted1436;size=1	Podoviridae	NA	Podoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Veillonellaceae
contigs_cluasted10000053;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted439;size=2	Podoviridae	NA	Podoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Oscillospiraceae
contigs_cluasted898;size=1	Myoviridae	NA	Myoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Sutterellaceae
contigs_cluasted248;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Lachnospiraceae
contigs_cluasted7;size=5	Myoviridae	NA	Myoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Mycobacteriaceae
contigs_cluasted2346;size=1	Podoviridae	NA	Podoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Tissierellaceae
contigs_cluasted614;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Ruminococcaceae
contigs_cluasted395;size=1	Myoviridae	NA	Myoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted478;size=3	Myoviridae	NA	Myoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Erysipelotrichaceae
contigs_cluasted902;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted638;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted467;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Clostridiaceae
contigs_cluasted227;size=1	Myoviridae	NA	Myoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Ruminococcaceae
contigs_cluasted1129;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Ruminococcaceae
contigs_cluasted874;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Lachnospiraceae
contigs_cluasted398;size=1	Myoviridae	NA	Myoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Ruminococcaceae
contigs_cluasted407;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Lachnospiraceae
contigs_cluasted686;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Ruminococcaceae
contigs_cluasted390;size=5	Myoviridae	NA	Myoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Ruminococcaceae
contigs_cluasted685;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Ruminococcaceae
contigs_cluasted519;size=2	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted1069;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted336;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Erysipelotrichaceae
contigs_cluasted198;size=2	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Ruminococcaceae
contigs_cluasted21;size=2	Myoviridae	NA	Myoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Enterococcaceae
contigs_cluasted1611;size=2	Podoviridae	NA	Podoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted1644;size=1	Podoviridae	NA	Podoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Erysipelotrichaceae
contigs_cluasted1858;size=1	Podoviridae	NA	Podoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted367;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Ruminococcaceae
contigs_cluasted724;size=2	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp. ctvbt38	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Lachnospiraceae
contigs_cluasted355;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted454;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Oscillospiraceae
contigs_cluasted1714;size=2	Podoviridae	NA	Podoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Eggerthellaceae
contigs_cluasted1068;size=1	Myoviridae	NA	Myoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Prevotellaceae
contigs_cluasted773;size=2	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Ruminococcaceae
contigs_cluasted784;size=1	Podoviridae	NA	Podoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Veillonellaceae
contigs_cluasted671;size=1	Myoviridae	NA	Myoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Lactobacillaceae
contigs_cluasted1628;size=1	Podoviridae	NA	Podoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted152;size=2	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted657;size=2	Myoviridae	NA	Myoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Acidaminococcaceae
contigs_cluasted896;size=1	Myoviridae	NA	Myoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Sutterellaceae
contigs_cluasted818;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Ruminococcaceae
contigs_cluasted1412;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Clostridiaceae
contigs_cluasted387;size=1	Myoviridae	NA	Myoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted689;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Erysipelotrichaceae
contigs_cluasted50;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Lachnospiraceae
contigs_cluasted1127;size=1	Myoviridae	NA	Myoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Lachnospiraceae
contigs_cluasted1869;size=1	Myoviridae	NA	Myoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted231;size=5	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Streptomycetaceae
contigs_cluasted443;size=4	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Lachnospiraceae
contigs_cluasted1203;size=4	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Peptococcaceae
contigs_cluasted75;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted441;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Lachnospiraceae
contigs_cluasted1508;size=9	Podoviridae	NA	Podoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted1542;size=5	Podoviridae	NA	Podoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted1376;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Ruminococcaceae
contigs_cluasted1154;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Ruminococcaceae
contigs_cluasted826;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Lachnospiraceae
contigs_cluasted315;size=3	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Rikenellaceae
contigs_cluasted1632;size=1	Podoviridae	NA	Podoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bifidobacteriaceae
contigs_cluasted1014;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Ruminococcaceae
contigs_cluasted777;size=1	Myoviridae	NA	Myoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted843;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Clostridiaceae
contigs_cluasted2763;size=1	Podoviridae	NA	Podoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted914;size=2	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Sutterellaceae
contigs_cluasted460;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Prevotellaceae
contigs_cluasted363;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted612;size=1	Myoviridae	NA	Myoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted1043;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Lachnospiraceae
contigs_cluasted995;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted2492;size=1	Podoviridae	NA	Podoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted1297;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Ruminococcaceae
contigs_cluasted10000021;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Erysipelotrichaceae
contigs_cluasted294;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted696;size=2	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted486;size=1	Myoviridae	NA	Myoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Desulfovibrionaceae
contigs_cluasted416;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp. ct4Am4	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted824;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Prevotellaceae
contigs_cluasted750;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp. ctNU74	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Lachnospiraceae
contigs_cluasted886;size=2	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted10000019;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Lachnospiraceae
contigs_cluasted1307;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Lachnospiraceae
contigs_cluasted643;size=3	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Lachnospiraceae
contigs_cluasted1705;size=1	Podoviridae	NA	Podoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted997;size=1	Podoviridae	NA	Podoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Veillonellaceae
contigs_cluasted2505;size=1	Podoviridae	NA	Podoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted1490;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacillaceae
contigs_cluasted297;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted1360;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Lachnospiraceae
contigs_cluasted481;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp. ctH1110	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted410;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted1951;size=5	Podoviridae	NA	Podoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Lachnospiraceae
contigs_cluasted1917;size=5	Podoviridae	NA	Podoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Lachnospiraceae
contigs_cluasted1000008;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Erysipelotrichaceae
contigs_cluasted524;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted934;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Lachnospiraceae
contigs_cluasted400;size=1	Myoviridae	NA	Myoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted1262;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bifidobacteriaceae
contigs_cluasted652;size=4	Myoviridae	NA	Myoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted642;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted1234;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Rikenellaceae
contigs_cluasted1270;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Ruminococcaceae
contigs_cluasted780;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted438;size=1	Myoviridae	NA	Myoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Ruminococcaceae
contigs_cluasted608;size=2	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Ruminococcaceae
contigs_cluasted978;size=1	Myoviridae	NA	Myoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted476;size=1	Podoviridae	NA	Podoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Veillonellaceae
contigs_cluasted96;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Erysipelotrichaceae
contigs_cluasted2621;size=6	Podoviridae	NA	Podoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted364;size=2	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Lachnospiraceae
contigs_cluasted588;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Ruminococcus phage phiRM10	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Lachnospiraceae
contigs_cluasted333;size=2	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Lachnospiraceae
contigs_cluasted18;size=1	Myoviridae	NA	Myoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted2469;size=2	Podoviridae	NA	Podoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted1256;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Erysipelotrichaceae
contigs_cluasted611;size=1	Myoviridae	NA	Myoviridae sp. ctxi06	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Oscillospiraceae
contigs_cluasted863;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Ruminococcaceae
contigs_cluasted2436;size=1	Podoviridae	NA	Podoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Lachnospiraceae
contigs_cluasted1982;size=3	Podoviridae	NA	Podoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Eggerthellaceae
contigs_cluasted497;size=2	Myoviridae	NA	Myoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted1619;size=1	Podoviridae	NA	Podoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted802;size=12	Myoviridae	NA	Myoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bifidobacteriaceae
contigs_cluasted3610;size=1	Podoviridae	NA	Podoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Actinomycetaceae
contigs_cluasted204;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted10000059;size=1	Podoviridae	NA	Podoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Ruminococcaceae
contigs_cluasted1305;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Lachnospiraceae
contigs_cluasted579;size=1	Myoviridae	NA	Myoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Ruminococcaceae
contigs_cluasted709;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted548;size=5	Myoviridae	NA	Myoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted1349;size=2	Myoviridae	NA	Myoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bifidobacteriaceae
contigs_cluasted326;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Streptococcaceae
contigs_cluasted1739;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted1909;size=1	Podoviridae	NA	Podoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Eggerthellaceae
contigs_cluasted667;size=2	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted94;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted1868;size=2	Podoviridae	NA	Podoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Eggerthellaceae
contigs_cluasted3848;size=4	Podoviridae	NA	Podoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted669;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted561;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp. ctS0613	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Ruminococcaceae
contigs_cluasted133;size=1	Myoviridae	NA	Myoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted389;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Ruminococcaceae
contigs_cluasted354;size=2	Myoviridae	NA	Myoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Peptococcaceae
contigs_cluasted581;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Ruminococcaceae
contigs_cluasted885;size=1	Myoviridae	NA	Myoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bifidobacteriaceae
contigs_cluasted713;size=1	Myoviridae	NA	Myoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted10000034;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Ruminococcaceae
contigs_cluasted1289;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Ruminococcaceae
contigs_cluasted5;size=1	Myoviridae	NA	Myoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted514;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bifidobacteriaceae
contigs_cluasted1208;size=1	Myoviridae	NA	Myoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted100;size=1	Myoviridae	NA	Myoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted2467;size=4	Podoviridae	NA	Podoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted2471;size=1	Podoviridae	NA	Podoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Lachnospiraceae
contigs_cluasted1987;size=1	Podoviridae	NA	Podoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Erysipelotrichaceae
contigs_cluasted423;size=2	Myoviridae	NA	Myoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Oscillospiraceae
contigs_cluasted1282;size=1	Myoviridae	NA	Myoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Ruminococcaceae
contigs_cluasted100000106;size=1	Podoviridae	NA	Podoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted505;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Lachnospiraceae
contigs_cluasted1352;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Lachnospiraceae
contigs_cluasted510;size=2	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Lachnospiraceae
contigs_cluasted580;size=1	Myoviridae	NA	Myoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted904;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bifidobacteriaceae
contigs_cluasted445;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted2199;size=1	Podoviridae	NA	Podoviridae sp. ctPbe19	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted2066;size=1	Podoviridae	NA	Podoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted956;size=1	Myoviridae	NA	Myoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted917;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Carnobacteriaceae
contigs_cluasted1189;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Lachnospiraceae
contigs_cluasted717;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Lachnospiraceae
contigs_cluasted1954;size=1	Podoviridae	NA	Podoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted711;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted1423;size=1	Myoviridae	NA	Myoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted774;size=1	Podoviridae	NA	Podoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted479;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted701;size=2	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted270;size=2	Myoviridae	NA	Myoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Lachnospiraceae
contigs_cluasted913;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted2169;size=1	Podoviridae	NA	Podoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bifidobacteriaceae
contigs_cluasted503;size=1	Myoviridae	NA	Myoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Ruminococcaceae
contigs_cluasted672;size=2	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Ruminococcaceae
contigs_cluasted424;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Ruminococcaceae
contigs_cluasted1848;size=1	Podoviridae	NA	Podoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Ruminococcaceae
contigs_cluasted1076;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Erysipelotrichaceae
contigs_cluasted703;size=3	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Ruminococcaceae
contigs_cluasted10000066;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Lachnospiraceae
contigs_cluasted2103;size=1	Podoviridae	NA	Podoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted2821;size=1	Podoviridae	NA	Podoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Erysipelotrichaceae
contigs_cluasted1084;size=1	Myoviridae	NA	Myoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Lachnospiraceae
contigs_cluasted991;size=1	Myoviridae	NA	Myoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	hizobiaceae
contigs_cluasted3787;size=1	Podoviridae	NA	Podoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Lachnospiraceae
contigs_cluasted455;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Veillonellaceae
contigs_cluasted536;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Lachnospiraceae
contigs_cluasted778;size=2	Myoviridae	NA	Myoviridae sp. ctplG2	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	hizobiaceae
contigs_cluasted1180;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Erysipelotrichaceae
contigs_cluasted365;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Ruminococcaceae
contigs_cluasted282;size=1	Myoviridae	NA	Myoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted392;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Ruminococcaceae
contigs_cluasted1773;size=1	Podoviridae	NA	Podoviridae sp. ctHkH8	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Lachnospiraceae
contigs_cluasted10000063;size=2	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted11;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp. ct5op20	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted764;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted770;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Oscillospiraceae
contigs_cluasted2025;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp. ctCVD13	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted718;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted3922;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted1522;size=1	Podoviridae	NA	Podoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted402;size=1	Myoviridae	NA	Myoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Lachnospiraceae
contigs_cluasted362;size=1	Podoviridae	NA	Podoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Acidaminococcaceae
contigs_cluasted1685;size=4	Myoviridae	NA	Myoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted634;size=2	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted921;size=1	Myoviridae	NA	Myoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Ruminococcaceae
contigs_cluasted900;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Lachnospiraceae
contigs_cluasted507;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Lachnospiraceae
contigs_cluasted1580;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Ruminococcaceae
contigs_cluasted450;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted527;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Lachnospiraceae
contigs_cluasted1280;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted421;size=2	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Oscillospiraceae
contigs_cluasted529;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp. ctQU013	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Sutterellaceae
contigs_cluasted425;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Oscillospiraceae
contigs_cluasted603;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted2329;size=1	Podoviridae	NA	Podoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Lachnospiraceae
contigs_cluasted108;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Erysipelotrichaceae
contigs_cluasted2004;size=1	Podoviridae	NA	Podoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Lachnospiraceae
contigs_cluasted4176;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bifidobacteriaceae
contigs_cluasted345;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Clostridiaceae
contigs_cluasted2577;size=1	Podoviridae	NA	Podoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted1692;size=1	Myoviridae	NA	Myoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted1393;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Lachnospiraceae
contigs_cluasted2634;size=1	Podoviridae	NA	Podoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted448;size=1	Podoviridae	NA	Podoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Tannerellaceae
contigs_cluasted2450;size=1	Podoviridae	NA	Podoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Actinomycetaceae
contigs_cluasted542;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Lachnospiraceae
contigs_cluasted361;size=2	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted591;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted830;size=1	Myoviridae	NA	Myoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted2744;size=1	Podoviridae	NA	Podoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Erysipelotrichaceae
contigs_cluasted2300;size=1	Podoviridae	NA	Podoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted165;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted208;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Ruminococcaceae
contigs_cluasted1944;size=1	Podoviridae	NA	Podoviridae sp. ctV3c15	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Lachnospiraceae
contigs_cluasted1286;size=1	Myoviridae	NA	Myoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted735;size=1	Podoviridae	NA	Podoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted976;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bifidobacteriaceae
contigs_cluasted1815;size=2	Podoviridae	NA	Podoviridae sp. ctV3c15	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Lachnospiraceae
contigs_cluasted440;size=1	Podoviridae	NA	Podoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted2437;size=1	Myoviridae	NA	Myoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted10000030;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted541;size=1	Myoviridae	NA	Myoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Rikenellaceae
contigs_cluasted1241;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted884;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted4947;size=1	Podoviridae	NA	Podoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Lachnospiraceae
contigs_cluasted247;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Lachnospiraceae
contigs_cluasted629;size=1	Myoviridae	NA	Myoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Lachnospiraceae
contigs_cluasted3116;size=1	Podoviridae	NA	Podoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Actinomycetaceae
contigs_cluasted3134;size=1	Podoviridae	NA	Podoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Lachnospiraceae
contigs_cluasted633;size=2	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted631;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted1004;size=3	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bifidobacteriaceae
contigs_cluasted662;size=2	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted1684;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted1438;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted745;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted2676;size=1	Podoviridae	NA	Podoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Erysipelotrichaceae
contigs_cluasted2143;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Coriobacteriaceae
contigs_cluasted2116;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Coriobacteriaceae
contigs_cluasted189;size=2	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Barnesiellaceae
contigs_cluasted171;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Barnesiellaceae
contigs_cluasted1652;size=5	Myoviridae	NA	Myoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bifidobacteriaceae
contigs_cluasted41;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Ruminococcaceae
contigs_cluasted644;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Streptomycetaceae
contigs_cluasted5074;size=1	Podoviridae	NA	Podoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted2375;size=1	Podoviridae	NA	Podoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Lachnospiraceae
contigs_cluasted1212;size=1	Myoviridae	NA	Myoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Ruminococcaceae
contigs_cluasted498;size=5	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Erysipelotrichaceae
contigs_cluasted937;size=2	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Erysipelotrichaceae
contigs_cluasted1489;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted1199;size=1	Myoviridae	NA	Myoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Lachnospiraceae
contigs_cluasted1190;size=1	Myoviridae	NA	Myoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted960;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Oscillospiraceae
contigs_cluasted5754;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted2745;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted492;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Corynebacteriaceae
contigs_cluasted5114;size=3	Microviridae	NA	Microvirus sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted1745;size=1	Podoviridae	NA	Podoviridae sp. ctV3c15	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Lachnospiraceae
contigs_cluasted977;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Lachnospiraceae
contigs_cluasted1822;size=1	Podoviridae	NA	Podoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted100000297;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp. ct89Z21	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted559;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted1465;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted422;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Lachnospiraceae
contigs_cluasted100000265;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microvirus sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted412;size=1	Myoviridae	NA	Myoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted5674;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microvirus sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted17;size=4	Podoviridae	NA	Podoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted622;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted469;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted1242;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Lachnospiraceae
contigs_cluasted1063;size=1	Podoviridae	NA	Podoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Oscillospiraceae
contigs_cluasted2451;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Odoribacteraceae
contigs_cluasted1444;size=2	Myoviridae	NA	Myoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted5180;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted771;size=1	Myoviridae	NA	Myoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Ruminococcaceae
contigs_cluasted1298;size=2	Myoviridae	NA	Myoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Ruminococcaceae
contigs_cluasted5938;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted5778;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted2775;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted5545;size=8	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted1553;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Erysipelotrichaceae
contigs_cluasted5619;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted6081;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted6257;size=4	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted5665;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microvirus sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted916;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted1992;size=1	Podoviridae	NA	Podoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Lachnospiraceae
contigs_cluasted968;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Oscillospiraceae
contigs_cluasted35;size=1	Inoviridae	NA	Inoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted679;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted100000212;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted4507;size=2	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted3166;size=1	Podoviridae	NA	Podoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted5544;size=9	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted5588;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted3546;size=1	Inoviridae	NA	Inoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Ruminococcaceae
contigs_cluasted576;size=1	Myoviridae	NA	Myoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Ruminococcaceae
contigs_cluasted654;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Lachnospiraceae
contigs_cluasted3872;size=5	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted3285;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Lactobacillaceae
contigs_cluasted710;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted313;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Selenomonadaceae
contigs_cluasted979;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Ruminococcaceae
contigs_cluasted6455;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted1957;size=1	Podoviridae	NA	Podoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted1816;size=1	Podoviridae	NA	Podoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Lachnospiraceae
contigs_cluasted5370;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted5308;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted1207;size=2	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted534;size=1	Myoviridae	NA	Myoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted6100;size=5	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted219;size=3	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Streptomycetaceae
contigs_cluasted5024;size=3	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted5547;size=6	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted1098;size=1	Podoviridae	NA	Podoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Enterobacteriaceae
contigs_cluasted799;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Oscillospiraceae
contigs_cluasted6436;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted6288;size=3	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted6001;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted5385;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted5809;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted1324;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Lactobacillus phage JNU_P11	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Lactobacillaceae
contigs_cluasted6147;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted2093;size=1	Inoviridae	NA	Inoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Ruminococcaceae
contigs_cluasted5541;size=7	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted5772;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted142;size=1	Myoviridae	NA	Myoviridae sp. ct9Ns12	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted2524;size=1	Podoviridae	NA	Podoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted6011;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted6073;size=4	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Ruminococcaceae
contigs_cluasted5836;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted5277;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted943;size=1	Myoviridae	NA	Myoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Ruminococcaceae
contigs_cluasted5462;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted1005;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Ruminococcaceae
contigs_cluasted5456;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted6101;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted5664;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microvirus sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted296;size=2	Myoviridae	NA	Myoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Ruminococcaceae
contigs_cluasted546;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Lachnospiraceae
contigs_cluasted5843;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted5464;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted5345;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted5882;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted5714;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted5090;size=9	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted1715;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted5819;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microvirus sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted5937;size=3	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted6318;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted5175;size=7	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Prevotellaceae
contigs_cluasted224;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Ruminococcaceae
contigs_cluasted249;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Streptomycetaceae
contigs_cluasted6797;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted6757;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microvirus sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted100000258;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted1379;size=1	Myoviridae	NA	Myoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted126;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Erysipelotrichaceae
contigs_cluasted5733;size=2	Inoviridae	NA	Inoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Lachnospiraceae
contigs_cluasted4683;size=1	Inoviridae	NA	Inoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Lachnospiraceae
contigs_cluasted5117;size=7	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted621;size=3	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted5666;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microvirus sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted5838;size=5	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted6908;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted1141;size=1	Myoviridae	NA	Myoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Ruminococcaceae
contigs_cluasted100000230;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microvirus sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted5483;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted5302;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted3420;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted5357;size=2	Inoviridae	NA	Inoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Lachnospiraceae
contigs_cluasted5093;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted7116;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microvirus sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Prevotellaceae
contigs_cluasted5463;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp. ctfJJ5	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted5147;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Odoribacteraceae
contigs_cluasted6441;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microvirus sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted1945;size=3	Inoviridae	NA	Inoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Ruminococcaceae
contigs_cluasted5565;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Tannerellaceae
contigs_cluasted117;size=1	Herelleviridae	NA	Herelleviridae sp. cttEB8	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted5834;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted6414;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted1148;size=1	Myoviridae	NA	Myoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Lachnospiraceae
contigs_cluasted6314;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted6297;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted5629;size=6	Microviridae	NA	Microvirus sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted3807;size=1	Inoviridae	NA	Inoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted44;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacillaceae
contigs_cluasted897;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted6130;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Prevotellaceae
contigs_cluasted10000040;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Lachnospiraceae
contigs_cluasted1034;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bifidobacteriaceae
contigs_cluasted13;size=6	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted3688;size=1	Inoviridae	NA	Inoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Lachnospiraceae
contigs_cluasted1169;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted2466;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted5615;size=2	Microviridae	NA	Microvirus sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted6782;size=5	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted5594;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted1231;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Streptococcaceae
contigs_cluasted2902;size=1	Podoviridae	NA	Podoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Erysipelotrichaceae
contigs_cluasted4356;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted7615;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Acidaminococcaceae
contigs_cluasted6751;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Gokushovirinae sp. SC_5_H2H4_2017	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted3513;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bifidobacteriaceae
contigs_cluasted5396;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted6044;size=3	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted6732;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microvirus sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Acidaminococcaceae
contigs_cluasted100000283;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microvirus sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted7130;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted5892;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted6641;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Oscillospiraceae
contigs_cluasted912;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted5249;size=3	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted6905;size=1	Inoviridae	NA	Inoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Ruminococcaceae
contigs_cluasted6060;size=2	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Ruminococcaceae
contigs_cluasted6271;size=6	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted5447;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted6844;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Acidaminococcaceae
contigs_cluasted409;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Ruminococcaceae
contigs_cluasted3703;size=1	Podoviridae	NA	Podoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Pectobacteriaceae
contigs_cluasted5783;size=2	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted5741;size=5	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted5747;size=8	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted5473;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted4350;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted620;size=1	Myoviridae	NA	Myoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Lachnospiraceae
contigs_cluasted5799;size=5	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted4016;size=3	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted3128;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted3082;size=1	Podoviridae	NA	Podoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted4660;size=2	Inoviridae	NA	Inoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted1342;size=1	Myoviridae	NA	Myoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted6313;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted5723;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Tannerellaceae
contigs_cluasted5759;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted928;size=1	Myoviridae	NA	Myoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted3814;size=1	Podoviridae	NA	Podoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Clostridiaceae
contigs_cluasted1051;size=1	Myoviridae	NA	Myoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted5115;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted6987;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Gokushovirus WZ-2015a	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Sutterellaceae
contigs_cluasted5710;size=4	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted6957;size=4	Microviridae	NA	Gokushovirus WZ-2015a	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Sutterellaceae
contigs_cluasted6991;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Gokushovirus WZ-2015a	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Sutterellaceae
contigs_cluasted31;size=2	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted1260;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Paenibacillaceae
contigs_cluasted100000107;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted564;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Ruminococcaceae
contigs_cluasted7874;size=1	Inoviridae	NA	Inoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted6377;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted7171;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microvirus sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted7087;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Gokushovirus WZ-2015a	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Sutterellaceae
contigs_cluasted811;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted5738;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted4497;size=8	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Ruminococcaceae
contigs_cluasted4244;size=6	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Ruminococcaceae
contigs_cluasted6095;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Ruminococcaceae
contigs_cluasted7229;size=2	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Erysipelotrichaceae
contigs_cluasted6602;size=1	Inoviridae	NA	Inoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Oscillospiraceae
contigs_cluasted309;size=1	Myoviridae	NA	Myoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Peptostreptococcaceae
contigs_cluasted4113;size=1	Myoviridae	NA	Myoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted7010;size=2	Microviridae	NA	Microvirus sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted5680;size=3	Microviridae	NA	Microvirus sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted6567;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Gokushovirus WZ-2015a	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted6289;size=3	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Ruminococcaceae
contigs_cluasted6249;size=6	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Ruminococcaceae
contigs_cluasted100000341;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Gokushovirus WZ-2015a	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted5847;size=2	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted106;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted5831;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted1495;size=2	Myoviridae	NA	Myoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted6035;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted6595;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Gokushovirus WZ-2015a	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted5765;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Flavobacteriaceae
contigs_cluasted5830;size=9	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted5828;size=2	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted6498;size=3	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Ruminococcaceae
contigs_cluasted5425;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted100000295;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted340;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Ruminococcaceae
contigs_cluasted5829;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted6505;size=4	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted8058;size=1	Inoviridae	NA	Inoviridae sp. ctDEu7	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Ruminococcaceae
contigs_cluasted6683;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted6555;size=5	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted433;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted6084;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted1055;size=1	Myoviridae	NA	Myoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted2372;size=1	Podoviridae	NA	Podoviridae sp. ctFkM10	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted100000110;size=1	Podoviridae	NA	Podoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Ruminococcaceae
contigs_cluasted5675;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted5773;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted1222;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted6016;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted100000270;size=3	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted5883;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted5388;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted7958;size=3	Inoviridae	NA	Inoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Ruminococcaceae
contigs_cluasted8231;size=4	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted5400;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted6775;size=4	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted7442;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Chlamydiaceae
contigs_cluasted4884;size=5	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Prevotellaceae
contigs_cluasted8230;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted6906;size=2	Inoviridae	NA	Inoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted100000246;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted5593;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted5348;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted5273;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted490;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted5194;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Prevotellaceae
contigs_cluasted1038;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted8259;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microvirus sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted100000583;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Acidaminococcaceae
contigs_cluasted5776;size=4	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted5187;size=4	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted6811;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted6037;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Rikenellaceae
contigs_cluasted8192;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microvirus sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted8022;size=2	Microviridae	NA	Microvirus sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted1693;size=1	Myoviridae	NA	Myoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted5614;size=2	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted4566;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted5576;size=1	Inoviridae	NA	Inoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Ruminococcaceae
contigs_cluasted606;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted7811;size=6	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted5233;size=2	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Odoribacteraceae
contigs_cluasted8255;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted5549;size=4	Microviridae	NA	Microvirus sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted6575;size=3	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted6648;size=1	Inoviridae	NA	Inoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Lachnospiraceae
contigs_cluasted5360;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Odoribacteraceae
contigs_cluasted7793;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Sutterellaceae
contigs_cluasted8119;size=2	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Erysipelotrichaceae
contigs_cluasted4764;size=1	Inoviridae	NA	Inoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Lachnospiraceae
contigs_cluasted5243;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted100000259;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted7078;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microvirus sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Sutterellaceae
contigs_cluasted489;size=1	Myoviridae	NA	Myoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted6355;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted6956;size=6	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp. ctCuG14	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Sutterellaceae
contigs_cluasted6574;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted6053;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Rikenellaceae
contigs_cluasted5739;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted8109;size=2	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted8113;size=2	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted1033;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Paenibacillaceae
contigs_cluasted5676;size=2	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted5682;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted100000264;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted6810;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Acidaminococcaceae
contigs_cluasted5617;size=5	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted8299;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted5632;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted5510;size=7	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted6058;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Rikenellaceae
contigs_cluasted7355;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Erysipelotrichaceae
contigs_cluasted5474;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted5198;size=6	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted6240;size=2	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted6459;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted7414;size=1	Inoviridae	NA	Inoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Ruminococcaceae
contigs_cluasted5475;size=5	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted7370;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted5906;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted5976;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted7043;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Sutterellaceae
contigs_cluasted4637;size=2	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted5452;size=5	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted5904;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted8336;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted4073;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Oscillospiraceae
contigs_cluasted6633;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted8243;size=1	Inoviridae	NA	Inoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted6796;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Tannerellaceae
contigs_cluasted5654;size=6	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted4215;size=2	Inoviridae	NA	Inoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Lachnospiraceae
contigs_cluasted5453;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp. ctfJJ5	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted100000403;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted6165;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Gokushovirus WZ-2015a	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Ruminococcaceae
contigs_cluasted6941;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted5531;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted488;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Lactobacillaceae
contigs_cluasted5840;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted5313;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microvirus sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted4591;size=4	Microviridae	NA	Microvirus sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted3850;size=1	Inoviridae	NA	Inoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted8338;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted5486;size=7	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted6840;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted6481;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted7062;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp. ct4S516	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted6877;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted5211;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted100000646;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted100000792;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Ruminococcaceae
contigs_cluasted330;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Flavobacteriaceae
contigs_cluasted5558;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted5298;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted87;size=2	Myoviridae	NA	Myoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted618;size=1	Myoviridae	NA	Myoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted3479;size=1	Myoviridae	NA	Myoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted6012;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted5969;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Ruminococcaceae
contigs_cluasted6541;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Ruminococcaceae
contigs_cluasted406;size=2	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Flavobacteriaceae
contigs_cluasted6180;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Human gut gokushovirus	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Ruminococcaceae
contigs_cluasted1870;size=1	Myoviridae	NA	Myoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted1671;size=1	Myoviridae	NA	Myoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted100000568;size=2	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted6020;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted4878;size=3	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted6181;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Gokushovirus WZ-2015a	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Ruminococcaceae
contigs_cluasted100000418;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted7081;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted8206;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted5895;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted8001;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted6545;size=2	Inoviridae	NA	Inoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Ruminococcaceae
contigs_cluasted100000661;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted5514;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted6055;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Acidaminococcaceae
contigs_cluasted2740;size=1	Podoviridae	NA	Podoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted8323;size=1	Inoviridae	NA	Inoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Ruminococcaceae
contigs_cluasted8388;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted6420;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Erysipelotrichaceae
contigs_cluasted6789;size=2	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted7354;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Gokushovirus WZ-2015a	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted5736;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted748;size=1	Podoviridae	NA	Podoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted5321;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted6626;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Gokushovirus WZ-2015a	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted6762;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Ruminococcaceae
contigs_cluasted6568;size=2	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted6501;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Ruminococcaceae
contigs_cluasted8306;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted3727;size=1	Inoviridae	NA	Inoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Neisseriaceae
contigs_cluasted100000532;size=1	Inoviridae	NA	Inoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted6657;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted1277;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Oscillospiraceae
contigs_cluasted5458;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Sutterellaceae
contigs_cluasted5797;size=2	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted5791;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted6752;size=2	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted6164;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Gokushovirus WZ-2015a	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Ruminococcaceae
contigs_cluasted1214;size=2	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted3064;size=1	Inoviridae	NA	Inoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Lachnospiraceae
contigs_cluasted7607;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Sutterellaceae
contigs_cluasted6131;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted100000334;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted8379;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Acidaminococcaceae
contigs_cluasted6786;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Ruminococcaceae
contigs_cluasted5793;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Rikenellaceae
contigs_cluasted8195;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microvirus sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted6054;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted7044;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Sutterellaceae
contigs_cluasted6426;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Erysipelotrichaceae
contigs_cluasted5704;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted5270;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted6161;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted7549;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microvirus sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted3298;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Rikenellaceae
contigs_cluasted6311;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Gokushovirus WZ-2015a	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Ruminococcaceae
contigs_cluasted8370;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted7164;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted100000624;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted5861;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted8232;size=4	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Erysipelotrichaceae
contigs_cluasted285;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted404;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Dysgonomonadaceae
contigs_cluasted100000720;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microvirus sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Prevotellaceae
contigs_cluasted2863;size=1	Podoviridae	NA	Podoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Pectobacteriaceae
contigs_cluasted1337;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted7380;size=1	Inoviridae	NA	Inoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Lachnospiraceae
contigs_cluasted859;size=2	Myoviridae	NA	Myoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Erysipelotrichaceae
contigs_cluasted6127;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae IME-16	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Prevotellaceae
contigs_cluasted5316;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Odoribacteraceae
contigs_cluasted7035;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Parabacteroides phage YZ-2015b	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Tannerellaceae
contigs_cluasted7065;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Sutterellaceae
contigs_cluasted6597;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted5763;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted6839;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted10000031;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Lachnospiraceae
contigs_cluasted7426;size=2	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Acidaminococcaceae
contigs_cluasted7059;size=8	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Veillonellaceae
contigs_cluasted6586;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted6364;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted8008;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted3909;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Odoribacteraceae
contigs_cluasted100000702;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp. ctfJJ5	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted306;size=1	Myoviridae	NA	Myoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Lachnospiraceae
contigs_cluasted10000070;size=1	Podoviridae	NA	Podoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted1844;size=1	Myoviridae	NA	Myoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted5010;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted5954;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted100000547;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted3798;size=1	Podoviridae	NA	Podoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted5338;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted3825;size=1	Inoviridae	NA	Inoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Lachnospiraceae
contigs_cluasted7115;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted768;size=1	Podoviridae	NA	Vibrio phage vB_ValP_VA-RY-3	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted5415;size=3	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted5697;size=2	Microviridae	NA	Microvirus sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted7721;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microvirus sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted8297;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted6933;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp. ctCuG14	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Sutterellaceae
contigs_cluasted8174;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Prevotellaceae
contigs_cluasted6062;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted6965;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Selenomonadaceae
contigs_cluasted7285;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Prevotellaceae
contigs_cluasted272;size=1	Inoviridae	NA	Inoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted6383;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted3118;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted4684;size=1	Myoviridae	NA	Myoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted5974;size=2	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted6923;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Selenomonadaceae
contigs_cluasted5628;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted8;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Mycobacteriaceae
contigs_cluasted4462;size=2	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Odoribacteraceae
contigs_cluasted630;size=1	Myoviridae	NA	Myoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Lactobacillaceae
contigs_cluasted5891;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Rikenellaceae
contigs_cluasted6478;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted6401;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Ruminococcaceae
contigs_cluasted648;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Erysipelotrichaceae
contigs_cluasted5999;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted5934;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted7625;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted7570;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted8287;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Prevotellaceae
contigs_cluasted5487;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Odoribacteraceae
contigs_cluasted8381;size=1	Redondoviridae	Torbevirus	Brisavirus	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted7774;size=2	Microviridae	NA	Gokushovirus WZ-2015a	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted6785;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted250;size=1	Myoviridae	NA	Myoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted6185;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Ruminococcaceae
contigs_cluasted7833;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Enterobacteriaceae
contigs_cluasted7118;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microvirus sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Tannerellaceae
contigs_cluasted6143;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Prevotellaceae
contigs_cluasted8294;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted371;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted6080;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted6278;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Ruminococcaceae
contigs_cluasted6706;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Gokushovirus WZ-2015a	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted6768;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Gokushovirus WZ-2015a	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted69;size=3	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Ruminococcaceae
contigs_cluasted8343;size=1	Inoviridae	NA	Inoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Ruminococcaceae
contigs_cluasted6730;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Gokushovirus WZ-2015a	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted136;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Peptostreptococcaceae
contigs_cluasted8158;size=2	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted7867;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Vibrionaceae
contigs_cluasted100000782;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted5922;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Odoribacteraceae
contigs_cluasted205;size=1	Podoviridae	NA	Podoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted100000675;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted8470;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Ruminococcaceae
contigs_cluasted100000597;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted1018;size=1	Myoviridae	NA	Myoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted8296;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted7299;size=1	Myoviridae	NA	Myoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted584;size=1	Myoviridae	NA	Myoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Erysipelotrichaceae
contigs_cluasted100000388;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted7884;size=1	Inoviridae	NA	Inoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted100000654;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted6855;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted1435;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted7149;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted8213;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted6891;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted5925;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted495;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Desulfovibrionaceae
contigs_cluasted9;size=3	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted186;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted7006;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Ruminococcaceae
contigs_cluasted1283;size=1	Myoviridae	NA	Myoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted8216;size=2	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted7241;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microvirus sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted185;size=1	Myoviridae	NA	Myoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted6557;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted7272;size=1	Inoviridae	NA	Inoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted7585;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Gokushovirus WZ-2015a	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted6572;size=1	Inoviridae	NA	Inoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted517;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted7310;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Vibrionaceae
contigs_cluasted6681;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Ruminococcaceae
contigs_cluasted6599;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Ruminococcaceae
contigs_cluasted2453;size=1	Podoviridae	NA	Podoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted1763;size=1	Podoviridae	NA	Podoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted163;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted1976;size=1	Podoviridae	NA	Podoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted6511;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Ruminococcaceae
contigs_cluasted100000101;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted431;size=1	Myoviridae	NA	Myoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Coriobacteriaceae
contigs_cluasted8377;size=2	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp. ctydc4	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Ruminococcaceae
contigs_cluasted1475;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Erysipelotrichaceae
contigs_cluasted110;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted20;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted8277;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted5979;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted1395;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Streptococcaceae
contigs_cluasted5137;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Prevotellaceae
contigs_cluasted6833;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted5988;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted8023;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Rikenellaceae
contigs_cluasted3;size=6	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted1;size=4	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted6774;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted10000065;size=1	Myoviridae	NA	Myoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted6645;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted7772;size=1	Inoviridae	NA	Inoviridae sp. ctiK541	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Ruminococcaceae
contigs_cluasted838;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Erysipelotrichaceae
contigs_cluasted7376;size=3	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp. ctSIq6	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted14;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted100000475;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted8302;size=2	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted6423;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted8514;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted4851;size=1	Podoviridae	NA	Podoviridae sp. ctFkM10	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted100000293;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Odoribacteraceae
contigs_cluasted73;size=1	Inoviridae	NA	Inoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted45;size=1	Inoviridae	NA	Inoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted33;size=5	Inoviridae	NA	Inoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted7910;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted8152;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted6438;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Sutterellaceae
contigs_cluasted776;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted465;size=1	Podoviridae	NA	Podoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Sutterellaceae
contigs_cluasted1606;size=1	Myoviridae	NA	Myoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted933;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted484;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted7988;size=1	Inoviridae	NA	Inoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Lachnospiraceae
contigs_cluasted8307;size=3	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Ruminococcaceae
contigs_cluasted6667;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Porphyromonadaceae
contigs_cluasted8548;size=2	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Chlamydiaceae
contigs_cluasted1095;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted8390;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Ruminococcaceae
contigs_cluasted8431;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Gokushovirus WZ-2015a	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Ruminococcaceae
contigs_cluasted5981;size=1	Inoviridae	NA	Inoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Clostridiaceae
contigs_cluasted230;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted207;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted1008;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted10000024;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Lachnospiraceae
contigs_cluasted646;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Erysipelotrichaceae
contigs_cluasted8437;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Ruminococcaceae
contigs_cluasted5862;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted8198;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted6089;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Prevotellaceae
contigs_cluasted7930;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted8178;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted7233;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Desulfovibrionaceae
contigs_cluasted5052;size=1	Inoviridae	NA	Inoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted6697;size=3	Microviridae	NA	Gokushovirus WZ-2015a	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted7248;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Tannerellaceae
contigs_cluasted8359;size=4	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted8314;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Ruminococcaceae
contigs_cluasted1194;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Ruminococcaceae
contigs_cluasted8172;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted4406;size=1	Myoviridae	NA	Myoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted275;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp. ctkyp1	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Lachnospiraceae
contigs_cluasted1322;size=1	Myoviridae	NA	Myoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Lactobacillaceae
contigs_cluasted32;size=4	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted6;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted6859;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted8473;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Ruminococcaceae
contigs_cluasted6617;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Gokushovirus WZ-2015a	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted6141;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted6721;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted8400;size=2	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted2886;size=1	Podoviridae	NA	Podoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Lachnospiraceae
contigs_cluasted34;size=2	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Ruminococcaceae
contigs_cluasted7056;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microvirus sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Tannerellaceae
contigs_cluasted6755;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted3404;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted2707;size=1	Podoviridae	NA	Podoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted6029;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted2030;size=1	Podoviridae	NA	Podoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Lachnospiraceae
contigs_cluasted8346;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted2243;size=1	Podoviridae	NA	Podoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Lachnospiraceae
contigs_cluasted7636;size=1	Podoviridae	NA	Podoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted616;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted321;size=2	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted100000327;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Ruminococcaceae
contigs_cluasted8499;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Chlamydiaceae
contigs_cluasted986;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted100000695;size=1	Inoviridae	NA	Inoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Ruminococcaceae
contigs_cluasted8385;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted1828;size=1	Podoviridae	NA	Podoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Lachnospiraceae
contigs_cluasted3043;size=1	Myoviridae	NA	Myoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted1233;size=3	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Ruminococcaceae
contigs_cluasted1301;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted2013;size=2	Podoviridae	NA	Podoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted8304;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted1323;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted1100;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted5034;size=1	Inoviridae	NA	Inoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted8291;size=1	Myoviridae	NA	Myoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Lachnospiraceae
contigs_cluasted95;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted5805;size=1	Inoviridae	NA	Inoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted4368;size=1	Inoviridae	NA	Inoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted4369;size=2	Inoviridae	NA	Inoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted6200;size=1	Inoviridae	NA	Inoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted4547;size=1	Inoviridae	NA	Inoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Ruminococcaceae
contigs_cluasted966;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Erysipelotrichaceae
contigs_cluasted998;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted6027;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted7713;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Porphyromonadaceae
contigs_cluasted7883;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Gokushovirus WZ-2015a	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted1225;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted7022;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Porphyromonadaceae
contigs_cluasted8636;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted2576;size=1	Podoviridae	NA	Podoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Ruminococcaceae
contigs_cluasted955;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted565;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted8104;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted560;size=1	Myoviridae	NA	Myoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted1000002039;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted317;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Erysipelotrichaceae
contigs_cluasted2194;size=1	Inoviridae	NA	Inoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Lachnospiraceae
contigs_cluasted1000001583;size=1	Myoviridae	NA	Myoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted8364;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted8904;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted8496;size=1	Inoviridae	NA	Inoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Ruminococcaceae
contigs_cluasted184;size=1	Podoviridae	NA	Podoviridae sp. ctnCN2	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted8141;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Gokushovirus WZ-2015a	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted570;size=1	Myoviridae	NA	Myoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted6815;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted5381;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted1000001930;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp. ctDwe1	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted6678;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Weeksellaceae
contigs_cluasted8433;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted673;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacillaceae
contigs_cluasted6743;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Gokushovirus WZ-2015a	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted5595;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted5613;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted1754;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted5706;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted4953;size=1	Myoviridae	NA	Myoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted2165;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Erysipelotrichaceae
contigs_cluasted2171;size=1	Podoviridae	NA	Podoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Lachnospiraceae
contigs_cluasted1017;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted4995;size=1	Inoviridae	NA	Inoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted42;size=3	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted847;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Enterobacteriaceae
contigs_cluasted6087;size=1	Inoviridae	NA	Inoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Lachnospiraceae
contigs_cluasted807;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Enterobacteriaceae
contigs_cluasted254;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Alcaligenaceae
contigs_cluasted314;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Hungateiclostridiaceae
contigs_cluasted2293;size=1	Podoviridae	NA	Podoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Lachnospiraceae
contigs_cluasted2500;size=1	Podoviridae	NA	Podoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted6734;size=1	Inoviridae	NA	Inoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted7639;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microvirus sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Veillonellaceae
contigs_cluasted100000603;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted1150;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Lachnospiraceae
contigs_cluasted7046;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Chlamydiaceae
contigs_cluasted5580;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted8380;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted751;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Pectobacteriaceae
contigs_cluasted7025;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Chlamydiaceae
contigs_cluasted3067;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted7384;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Sutterellaceae
contigs_cluasted7517;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted8132;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted8639;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted688;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted1193;size=1	Myoviridae	NA	Myoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted1000003023;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted8064;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted8367;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted8303;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted8505;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted3745;size=1	Podoviridae	NA	Podoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted1000002104;size=1	Straboviridae	Tequatrovirus	Tequatrovirus hy01	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Enterobacteriaceae
contigs_cluasted8129;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted1000002193;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted7603;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted1000003033;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Lachnospiraceae
contigs_cluasted1000003227;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted1000002702;size=1	Myoviridae	NA	Myoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted8340;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted8322;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microvirus sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted1000003052;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted5276;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted1000002838;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted2261;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted8004;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted1000002550;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted1000003147;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp. ctLmu1	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted8468;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Gokushovirus WZ-2015a	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted8344;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted1000002842;size=1	Podoviridae	NA	Podoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted100000465;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted8813;size=1	Myoviridae	NA	Myoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted6970;size=2	Microviridae	NA	Microvirus sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted5269;size=4	Microviridae	NA	Microvirus sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted5374;size=4	Microviridae	NA	Microvirus sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted1196;size=1	Myoviridae	NA	Myoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Desulfovibrionaceae
contigs_cluasted262;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Enterobacteriaceae
contigs_cluasted1000002252;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted1574;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted176;size=1	Myoviridae	NA	Myoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted1881;size=3	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted1000003070;size=1	Myoviridae	NA	Myoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted3150;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted8363;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted1000002591;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted1000003412;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted2535;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Lachnospiraceae
contigs_cluasted1000002404;size=1	Myoviridae	NA	Myoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted8082;size=1	Inoviridae	NA	Inoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted8332;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Bacteroidaceae
contigs_cluasted1000003275;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted1000002619;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted4020;size=1	Myoviridae	NA	Myoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Lachnospiraceae
contigs_cluasted6140;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Poophage sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted1000002332;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted1000003442;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted1000003492;size=1	Podoviridae	NA	Podoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted1000003195;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted1000003461;size=1	Podoviridae	NA	Podoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted7967;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted3655;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted1000003143;size=1	Podoviridae	NA	Podoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted1000003203;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted1923;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Gokushovirus WZ-2015a	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted1000003463;size=1	Myoviridae	NA	Myoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted1000002857;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted1000003289;size=1	Myoviridae	NA	Myoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted8410;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted1000001994;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted6986;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted1000003184;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted1000003176;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted744;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted1000002250;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted2121;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Moraxellaceae
contigs_cluasted1000003100;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted1000003336;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted1000002714;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted1000002097;size=1	Myoviridae	NA	Myoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted6144;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted1000003531;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Human gut gokushovirus	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted1000002884;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted521;size=1	Myoviridae	NA	Myoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted1000003089;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted8341;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted1000003528;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microvirus sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted1000003324;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted7896;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted8350;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted1000003301;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted1000003317;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp. ctA995	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted1000003389;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted1000003159;size=1	Straboviridae	Tequatrovirus	Tequatrovirus deeone	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted1000003044;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted1000003488;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted1000002264;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted8298;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted9082;size=1	Myoviridae	NA	Myoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted1000003348;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted1000002663;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted100000331;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted1000003566;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Klebsiella phage BUCT541	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Enterobacteriaceae
contigs_cluasted1000003118;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted1000002146;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted1000003570;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted1000002631;size=1	Myoviridae	NA	Myoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted1000003050;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted1000003190;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Gokushovirus WZ-2015a	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted1000003030;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted1000003214;size=1	Myoviridae	NA	Myoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted1000003131;size=1	Myoviridae	NA	Myoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted1000003583;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted1000003212;size=1	Straboviridae	Tequatrovirus	Salmonella phage Lv5cm	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted8217;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted1000003137;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted1000003466;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted1000003134;size=1	Straboviridae	Tequatrovirus	Escherichia phage teqsoen	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Enterobacteriaceae
contigs_cluasted8310;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted1000003588;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted1000003517;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted1000003272;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp. ctDwe1	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted1000003519;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted1000003593;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted1000003270;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted1000003411;size=1	Myoviridae	NA	Myoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted4403;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted1000003596;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted3871;size=1	Podoviridae	NA	Podoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	Butyricicoccaceae
contigs_cluasted6684;size=1	Microviridae	NA	Microviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted1000001310;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp.	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
contigs_cluasted1000003597;size=1	Siphoviridae	NA	Siphoviridae sp. ctDwe1	DNA virus	Bacteriophage	No host predicted
